 # HTTP - Header Fields
    * General-header
        These header fields have general applicability for both request and response messages.
            Cache-Control : cache-request-directive|cache-response-directive
                cache-request-directive
                    Cache-control: no-cache
                        A cache must not use the response to satisfy a subsequent request without successful revalidation with the origin server.
                    Cache-control: no-store
                        The cache should not store anything about the client request or server response.
                    Cache-control: max-age = seconds
                        Indicates that the client is willing to accept a response whose age is not greater than the specified time in seconds.
                    Cache-control: max-stale [ = seconds ]
                        Indicates that the client is willing to accept a response that has exceeded its expiration time. If seconds are given, it must not be expired by more than that time.
                    Cache-control: min-fresh = seconds
                        Indicates that the client is willing to accept a response whose freshness lifetime is not less than its current age plus the specified time in seconds.
                    Cache-control: no-transform 
                        Does not convert the entity-body.
                    Cache-control: only-if-cached
                        Does not retrieve new data. The cache can send a document only if it is in the cache, and should not contact the origin-server to see if a newer copy exists.
                cache-response-directive
                    public
                        Indicates that the response may be cached by any cache.
                    private
                        Indicates that all or part of the response message is intended for a single user and must not be cached by a shared cache.
                    no-cache
                        A cache must not use the response to satisfy a subsequent request without successful re-validation with the origin server.
                    no-store
                        The cache should not store anything about the client request or server response.
                    no-transform
                        Does not convert the entity-body.
                    must-revalidate
                        The cache must verify the status of the stale documents before using it and expired ones should not be used.
                    proxy-revalidate
                        The proxy-revalidate directive has the same meaning as the must- revalidate directive, except that it does not apply to non-shared user agent caches.
                    max-age = seconds
                        Indicates that the client is willing to accept a response whose age is not greater than the specified time in seconds.
                    s-maxage = seconds
                        The maximum age specified by this directive overrides the maximum age specified by either the max-age directive or the Expires header. The s-maxage directive is always ignored by a private cache.
        Connection
            The Connection general-header field allows the sender to specify options that are desired for that particular connection and must not be communicated by proxies over further connections.
                Connection: close
                    The connection will be closed after completion
                Connection: keep-alive
                    By default, HTTP 1.1 uses persistent connections, where the connection does not automatically close after a transaction. HTTP 1.0, on the other hand, does not have persistent connections by default. If a 1.0 client wishes to use persistent connections, 
        Date    
            All HTTP date/time stamps MUST be represented in Greenwich Mean Time (GMT), without exception. HTTP applications are allowed to use any of the following three representations of date/time stamps
                Sun, 06 Nov 1994 08:49:37 GMT  ; RFC 822, updated by RFC 1123
                Sunday, 06-Nov-94 08:49:37 GMT ; RFC 850, obsoleted by RFC 1036
                Sun Nov  6 08:49:37 1994       ; ANSI C's asctime() format
    * Client Request-header 
        These header fields have applicability only for request messages.
    * Server Response-header
        These header fields have applicability only for response messages.
    * Entity-header
        These header fields define meta information about the entity-body or, if no body is present, about the resource identified by the request.

